
Conference Site Overview

The conference site is a system that allows one to set up events for a group of
people.  Within this system, email invitations can be sent, turnout can be
tracked and attendee information can be collected.  Information about the event
is posted on the site along with location/venue and sessions.  Attendees can be
informed of updates on the events web page as well as email.

The system is basic but allows one to track attendees on-line and does not
require someone to ask for or collect attendee information. Attendees are given
access to pertinent documents like slide shows and schedules.


Intent

The intend of this WebObjects source code is to provide example code.
While a derivative application is currently in production, this source code may
not perform without errors in actual production.


Administration

There is a table of users that have administrative permissions to
all back-end functions (at this time permissions are not limited to individual
events). These users are referred as administrators.


Functions

Adding Events:
An administrator can create new events by providing the
following information: Name or short description, dates, web page URL, documents
URL, the facility name, the address of the facility, a contact phone number, a
long description, and an invite code. This the basic information required for an
event. A list of sessions, sometimes also referred as events (while the actual
event is referred to, incorrectly, as a venue) can also be added. A session
requires a date, start and end time, short and long description, location such
as a room. Each session can be color coded to signify a relationship between
sessions.

Inviting Attendees:
There is an area where attendees can be invited.  An event
is selected from a pop-up menu and invitees can be added one at a time. The
administrator adds a subject and message.  The invitee receives this message
along with a URL to be used to confirm the invitation. There are no facilities
to invite a group; all individuals planning to attend need to register
individually.  A group organizer can be given the invite code which can be to
distribute internally.

Tracking/Viewing attendees:
Registered users can be viewed including signed-up
sessions (aka activities), registration date, and optional arrival and departure
date.  The list of attendees, a list organized by arrival time, and a list
organized by departure time can be downloaded as Excel files. Options are
available to send individual attendees an email or phone call (as links).  A
page to view an attendee's profile and option to remove the attendee (un-invite)
is also available.


Attendee Registrations

Attendees go through a multi-step process to register.
Basic contact information, followed by completing their profile, sign up for
sessions, provide itinerary, and lodging information.  Only the very first step
is required to be registered, all other information can be provided at a later
time at the attendee's discretion. Individuals who have registered for previous
events can use their previous log-in information and use the invite code
provided by the organizer. Once registered, users can take advantage of
pertinent information that's only available to attendees (a special download
site with additional log-in information does not need to be created, just a
download space where the authorization is handled through the conference site.
Once the event has passed, access to the conference site is still available to
the attendee. It provides continued access to any documents made available
before, during, or after the event took place.

Originally the design requirements included passport information for countries
that required invitation from the organizer.  Some of the source code is still
visible in the code.

